<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_q2f_hgk_hx">
    <title>Creating a document</title>
    <shortdesc>To create CWRC-Writer compatible documents you can either upload well formed XML
        files or create a document from existing templates. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps id="steps_plf_dhk_hx">
            <step>
                <cmd>In your project folder (for more information click here ) click on the “Manage”
                    tab. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on “Add an object to this collection”</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>This brings you to a form that lets you add information about the document you
                    are either uploading or creating.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on next button at the bottom of the form. </cmd>
                <info>The only mandatory field is the title.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>This is where you choose to either upload a file or begin from a template.
                    Choose your option. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you have selected to upload from file, click on “Browse.”</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_chv_y3k_hx">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Once you have found your document click on “Open.”</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select “Upload.”</cmd>
                        <info>Any documents that you are uploading must be well formed XML and end
                            in .xml. If the document is not a “well formed XML” document or does not
                            have the .xml file name extension then you cannot upload it.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select your document schema from the dropdown menu.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click on “Ingest” and begin to work with your document.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you have selected to open a template, click on the template option.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_kh4_fjk_hx">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Choose the type of template you would like to work with.</cmd>
                        <info>The templates are already associated with schemas so you do not have
                            to select one.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click on “Ingest” and begin to work with your document.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    <related-links/>
</task>
