<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_pn1_tlk_hx">
  <title>Creating documents</title>
  <shortdesc>You can create CWRC-Writer documents in two ways, either by uploading a file or by
    using a pre existing template (provided by CWRC). Additionally, these options are customizable
    to you and your project because you select which schema to use.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <refsyn>
      <synph>
        <var>object</var>
        <delim>.</delim>
        <kwd>property</kwd>
        <delim> = </delim>
        <var>trueorfalse</var>
      </synph>
    </refsyn>
    <properties>
      <property>
        <proptype>Prop name</proptype>
        <propvalue>Prop value</propvalue>
      </property>
    </properties>
    <section>
      <title>General information</title>
      <p>To upload a document you need to first create a folder in CWRC (please see instruction here
        ). Then choose to to add a new document in the folder by clicking on the “Manage tab”</p>
      <p>Users have the option to either upload a document from file or open a template provided by
        CWRC. When following the steps to create a CWRC-Writer document you have the option to add
        more information about the document you are creating, though the only required information
        is the object's title.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Upload from file</title>
      <p>Any documents that you are uploading must be well formed XML and end in .xml. If the
        document is not a “well formed XML” document or does not have the .xml file name extension
        then you cannot upload it.</p>
      <p>You can customize your document by choosing the schema it follows from an drop down
        menu.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>From a template</title>
      <p>Templates are already available from CWRC and Orlando, and are “well formed” XML documents.
        Templates are stored in the<xref
          href="http://beta.cwrc.ca/islandora/object/cwrc:documentTemplateCollection" format="html"
          scope="external"> CWRC Document Template Collection</xref>. Additionally, these templates
        already have an associated schema attached (making it easier for XML beginners).</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links/>
</reference>
