<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_y2w_ssy_3x">
  <title>CWRC user roles</title>
  <shortdesc>CWRC users have different levels of access to their projects. This ranges from
    non-members who can only view the materials on CWRC to project administrators who have complete
    control over project materials.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>User accounts</title>
      <p>The type of user account you have as a CWRC member depends on if you are attached to a
        project. For example, a person who has joined CWRC to view different materials and features
        available within projects will not be able to add their own objects without creating a
        project (collections need a place to be organized under.</p>
      <p>Below we have outlined the different types of user accounts along with the tasks they can
        complete.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Authenticated User/Researcher</title>
      <p>Authenticated Users/Researchers can:<ul id="ul_vzh_bty_3x">
          <li>Has viewing access to all still unpublished materials in the project</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Project contributor</title>
      <p>Project Contributors have to be added to a project by a project administrator or
        editor.</p>
      <p>Outline of project contributor abilities:<ul id="ul_ukc_fty_3x">
          <li>Can create/edit objects/collection within a project (handled by XACML
            permissions)</li>
          <li>Cannot delete objects/collections anywhere in the repository (handled by XACML
            permissions)</li>
          <li>Has editing access to all still unpublished materials in the project</li>
          <li>Can add a new workflow stamp to all objects belonging to the project</li>
          <li>Dependant on “manage” XACML policies for object</li>
          <li>Has equal access to all sub-collections of a project</li>
          <li>Dependant on XACML policies in general</li>
          <li>Can view workflow reports for materials managed by the project (see Workflow
            Scoping)</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Project editor</title>
      <p>Project editors need to be added by a project administrator or another project editor.</p>
      <p>Outline of project editor abilities:<ul id="ul_wql_mty_3x">
          <li>Has all permissions granted to a project contributor</li>
          <li>Has permission to edit project settings</li>
          <li>Template</li>
          <li>Default facet/sorts</li>
          <li>Can publish or withdraw objects in project</li>
          <li>Can edit objects that have already been published</li>
          <li>Can accept/reject changes to the document made by project contributors (and see all
            revisions) (out of scope for phase 1)</li>
          <li>Can see on the dashboard what objects are locked/unlocked and bulk unlock objects</li>
          <li>Can see a list of objects assigned to them for editing</li>
          <li>Can run find and replace queries on objects in project collections </li>
          <li>Can send group messages to all users associated with the project</li>
          <li>Can modify Drupal group content (ie homepage, funders, etc)</li>
          <li>Can manage group users and roles</li>
          <li>Can set XACML permissions for objects in the project (handled by XACML
            permissions)</li>
          <li>Can customize permissions for project roles</li>
          <li>Can customize workflow stamps for the project</li>
          <li>This would require a significant rewrite of the workflow module to function in this
            way</li>
          <li>Can view/approve/deny membership requests</li>
          <li>Can set object lock duration for collections in the project</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Project Administrator</title>
      <p>Project Admin role that has all the privileges of a Project Editor but can also Delete
        objects.</p>
      <p>Note: At present standard user permissions, even Project Editor permissions, do not allow
        deletion of CWRC content. Only CWRC Administrators have that ability. </p>
      <p>We are creating a Project Admin role that will allow deletion of content belonging to that
        project.</p>
      <p> In the meantime, please send a list of objects that require deletion from your project to
        cwrc@ualberta.ca. Please provide a list of links to the objects themselves, showing the URLS
        and providing the exact titles of the objects.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="About_CWRC.dita"/>
    <link href="CWRC_Content_Models.dita"/>
    <link href="User_Account.dita"/>
    <link href="Searching_Browsing_CWRC.dita"/>
    <link href="Creating_CWRC_Account.dita"/>
    <link href="Request_Project_Membership.dita"/>
    <link href="Edit_User_Profile.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
