<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_p2y_qld_nw">
    <title>View Project Homepages</title>
    <shortdesc>Project homepages display the project's description. This can include a link to the entire collection, featured items from the collection, external links to the project's website and/or social media page, list of sponsors, director(s) names, and an About Me page that lists the project's contact information.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note>Projects are created by CWRC administrators, who assign associated members of CWRC the role of Project Editor to enable them to edit their project pages. Projects must be approved by the CWRC Research Board. If you wish to propose a project, please fill out the <xref href="https://forms.gle/QuTyV4yLKNrqFeBV6" scope="external" format="html">application form</xref>.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open CWRC in your browser. Link <xref href="https://cwrc.ca/" format="html" scope="external">here</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>login</b> (located in the top right corner of the browser). Enter your username and password.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will then be directed to the "view page" of your user profile, which displays the projects that you belong to. Select the project that you wish to access from the list of projects.</cmd>
                <info>This will redirect you to the Project Homepage. The title of the project should display near the top of the page.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
