<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_b5g_g5y_3x">
  <title>User Account</title>
  <shortdesc>CWRC provides an enriched user experience no matter what type of user account you have.
    Features include an insite messaging system between project members and a bookmarking tool to
    collection your favorite materials together.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>General information</title>
      <p>Users login to their accounts, by clicking on the <b>Login</b> icon at the top right corner
        of the CWRC webpage. This is where you access your account features - <b>Dashboard</b>,
          <b>Research Space</b>, <b>Project Dashboards</b> (for project editors and administrators),
        your user profile, and logout.</p>
      <p>CWRC has divided user accounts into sections. The Dashboard is where you access the main
        features of your account. This is where you access your messages, workflow reports, saved
        searches, and bookmark lists. For more information see below. </p>
      <p>You have a research space, this currently takes you to the CWRC collaboratory.</p>
      <p>Logging out of CWRC takes you back to the CWRC homepage.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Dashboard</title>
      <p>The features of your account dashboard have been previously mentioned, here we will outline
        everything your CWRC account has to offer.</p>
      <p><b>Private Messages</b> is where you can check and send messages to other CWRC members who
        belong to the same project(s) as you. This is where you will see new messages. If you click
        on the <b>View all messages</b> button located at the bottom of the message section it will
        take you to your account inbox.</p>
      <p/>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
